docs: update throttles section of config readme (#11346)
hashgraph/hedera-services: hedera-node/configuration/README.md

  - For example, more permissive Netty HTTP/2 settings

## upgrade/throttles.json

> * If present, will be used, post-upgrade, as input to a yahcli `sysfiles upload throttles` command. It will not layer on top of other throttles, it will be exactly what is in this file. If not present it will use https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-services/blob/develop/hedera-node/hedera-mono-service/src/main/resources/throttles.json.

Reviewer: Default file is under `hedera-file-service-impl/src/main/resources/genesis` for mod service

> * If present, will be used, post-upgrade, as input to a yahcli `sysfiles upload throttles` command. It will not layer on top of other throttles, it will be exactly what is in this file. If not present it will use https://github.com/hashgraph/hedera-services/blob/develop/hedera-node/hedera-mono-service/src/main/resources/throttles.json.

Author: ```suggestion
* If specified, this file serves as the sole input for the `yahcli sysfiles upload throttles` command post-upgrade, replacing any existing throttles with its contents. In its absence, the default is sourced from `:/hedera-node/hedera-file-service-impl/src/main/resources/genesis/throttles.json`.
```
